Bellabeat Case Study Capstone Project 
This case study is an optional capstone project provided by the Google Data Analytics Certificate, which consists of 8-courses that provided me with the necessary skills needed to flouish as a data analyst. In this course, I learnt both hard skills working with Microsoft Excel, SQL, Tableau, and R programming, as well as soft skills including problem solving, critical thinking, and presentation skills. This capstone project helped consolidate what I've learnt and visits each phase of data analysis in-depth.

Case Study Introduction
Bellabeat is a health-product manufacturer catered towards women and are looking to become a larger player in the smart device market. Their products provide the user insights on their activity, sleep, stress, menstrual cycle, and mindfulness habits through the Bellabeat app.

As part of the Bellabeat marketing analytics team, we were tasked to analyze smart device data to potentially unlock growth opportunities for the company. We were asked to focus on one of Bellabeat's products and provide high-level recommendations to guide Bellabeat's marketing strategies.

Ask Phase
In the ask phase, there are two main goals; that is, to identify the problem that needs solving, as well as fully understanding the shareholder's expectations. The problem can be defined by looking at the ideal state, and compare how it differs from the current situation. In this case, although Bellabeat is a successful small company, they wish to become a larger contributor and competitor in the global market. The shareholders wish for the Bellabeat Marketing Analysis Team to analyze the smart device data to provide high-level insights for their marketing strategy to achieve this.

The Prepare Phase
The prepare phase follows the ask phase, and is where data analysts collect and store data for future use. FitBit Fitness Tracker Data (CC0:Public Domain by Mobius) is used for our analysis and contains fitness information from 30 consenting users.

The data contains various metrics such as, but not limited to the total steps taken in a day or hour, calories burnt in a day, sleep per night. Although the dataset provided consists of 18 CSV-files, many files are subsets of larger files that provide redundant information. Similarly, some files contain metrics gathered from a limited sample size and will not be included in our analysis.

Bellabeat's cofounder and chief creative officer informs us that there are limitations to the provided dataset. These limitations should be addressed in case they negatively influence the reliability and validity of our findings:

1.  Small sample size: The sample size should be representative of the whole population which is unlikely considering that the target population is women across the globe.
2.  Lack of demographics: Demographics are a major health determinant which is needed in order to select an appropriate sample size. Biobehavioral, behavioral, and social factors are all variables that influence an individual's health and lifestyle.
3.  Short data collection duration: Data was collected over one month and may not be representative of an individual's actual lifestyle. For example, a user based in Toronto may be less inclinded to be active in the harsh, cold winter compared to a user in California.

Considering the limitations, the data can still provide valueable insights to improve Bellabeat's marketing strategies.

The Process Phase
This phase requires us to find and remove and errors or inconsistencies that may impede the analysis step. Here, we can remove any missing points, typos, nulls, or outliers to ensure we are working with clean data. The process phase also includes the transformation of data into a more useful format. Data cleaning, transformation, analysis, and visualization will all be performed in R Studio.
