RBC Future Launch Scholarship Blog Article

How I've Overcome Barriers, Shown Resilience, and Shown Drive for Learning:
In the past few months, I've attended a handful of interviews and have managed to reach the final interview in all of them through hard work and a bit of luck. In the first of three companies I interviewed for, after the fourth round of interviews, the interviewers shared that over half the team ranked me as their top choice out of the final candidates. In the second, I was asked to renew my passports as the company was looking to fly me out to Seattle for a fifth-round in-person interview. In the third, I was told I scored perfect on the techincal portion of the interview and that there were no improvements to be made. However, all these opportunities had the same outcome. I was left waiting weeks in the dark without any communication before receiving the rejection email. Although dejected, I accepted the outcome and asked for tips or constructive criticism regarding my interview for future opportunities. None of them responded. 

Fast forward a few months and the job market for data analytics is at its lowest in years. After many rejections and unfortunate incidents, I took a small break for a mental reset before continuing to pursue my interest in data analytics. I studied full-time and completed the Google Data Analytics Certificate while completing projects in R, Python, and SQL. Currently, I wish to brush up on my Tableau techniques gained during the Google certificate while learning more advanced techniques through the online courses with Coursera. Although the past year hasn't been the greatest, I continue to look forward, continue upskilling, and continuing to look for future opportunities.

How the Learning Opportunity I've Selected Helps Hone my Skills:
As briefly mentioned prior, I look to take the "Data Visualization with Tableau Specialization" course with Coursera. Data visualization and storytelling with data is a significant aspect of a data analyst's responsibilities. In the course, I'll learn fundamental skills such as "assessing the quality of the data and performing exploratory analysis", creating and designing visualizations and dashboards for the intended audience", and "examining, navigating, and learning to use the various features of Tableau. While some teams may use other software such as PowerBI, the data visualization skills learnt is largely transferable and will set me up for success.

Why I'm Excited for this Learning Opportunity and how it will Affect my Life:
I'm excited for this learning opportunity as it'll provide me with the necessary skills a data analyst should have while providing a certification to showcase for future employers. Overall, my upskilling will hopefully lead to an increased frequency of interviews, and land me my very first and exciting job in data analytics to jumpstart my career!
